## How are images included in the slider?

The image description needs to start with 'slider ', and be followed by a URL;
the image will link to that URL.  The image needs to have width and height
attributes, which are probably automatically added by Wordpress when you upload
it, and also have an attachment URL, but I don't know why I added that check.

## How do I download a new version of Cart66?

Go to https://buy.cart66.com/, login, click on the order number in the order
history table, then click on the cart66-pro.zip link.  Copy it to hosting and
rename it to ~/wordpress/cart66.${version}.zip, then install it with
wordpress-install.

## How do I make an item unique?

Open the item in Cart66 and set max quantity to 1.

## How do I add a new product?

Upload two pictures: one 520x520, the other 260x260.

Add the product to Cart66.  You need the price and the item number; scroll
to the bottom of the page to find the latest item, and add 1 to the number.

Set the inventory level in Cart66.  Tick the tracking checkbox.

Create a new range if necessary (see below).

Create a new page for the product.  Make it a child of the range.  Copy the
text from another product and modify accordingly.

Update the range page and the type page with rows for the new product.

## How do I add a new range?

Create a new page for the range, making it a child of jewellery.

Copy another range's contents and edit appropriately.

Add the new range to the top level jewellery page.

## How do I rename a product?

Edit the product's page.  Starting from the top, change:
*   The name of the page.
*   The permalink (the new link won't work until you click update).
*   The name in the jewellery shortcode.

Open the range and type pages for the product, change the name and URL in each
page.

To make sure everything works properly: `check-links http://www.arianetobin.ie/`

## What references fonts.googleapis.com/css?

The internet says it's part of the Wordpress admin theme, ignore it.
